DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
♪ What are you going to do?
♪ The odds are stacked against you ♪
♪ Back against the wall
♪ Gotta give it your all...
♪ Ah ha ah ha
♪ this is the final stand
♪ the power's in your hand
♪ Two worlds collide
♪ On the inside
♪ You gotta fight for what's right ♪
♪ Before it's gone, gone, gone ♪
♪ This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Alice Gets Schooled!
[♪]
[sigh]
[coughing]
Are you still sleeping, Alice?
It's time to get up.
Just another five minutes.
That a girl...
Did you have a nice sleep?
Yeah, I had the best sleep...
Thanks Auntie...
Okay, let's see...
This stuff looks pretty easy to find, Uncle Ben.
Just shopping and straight home, Alice.
Would you two please stop worrying about me?
I'll be back...
in no time!
Be careful!
Okay!
You think she'll be alright, Ben?
She'll be fine, dear.
Why just think of how much better she looks
since she first showed up at our house.
Remember how shocked we were?
Here was our only niece, all alone,
at our front door in the middle of the night...
[thunder]
AUNT CLARA: But what bothers me most hon, is...
why won't she tell us what happened?
Why all the mystery?
BEN: And what's even stranger,
is what's happened to her Grandfather?
It's not like him to just disappear...
I just wish Michael would give us a call
and straighten this all out...
ALICE: I can't believe how peaceful it is out here...
If only it could stay like this forever...
but I guess that's never going to happen...
never...
You ready to play Bakugan?
Here's my Pyrus Saurus...
and when I use my Fire Wall Ability,
he's pretty much unbeatable!
I'll take him on any day!
No!
MARUCHO: I can't believe that Alice is really Masquerade!
Thanks for everything you guys, but...
but I...
could never hang out with you anymore.
Goodbye.
I have to go...
But Alice...
I have to disappear for awhile...
Alice, no wait!
Alice!
ALICE: There's no way they'll ever for forgive me
for what I've done!
Ever!
And I guess I don't blame them...
I wish I...
I wish I could change everything!
[crying]
That's weird, the lake's frozen over...
and it's the middle of summer.
I wonder what's going on?
And who's castle is that?
I've never seen it there before...
strange...
What a beautiful day...
Don't you think so, Sirenoid?
Yes, Master Klaus. A beautiful day indeed.
Everything is perfect...
The universe has finally come into balanced harmony...
Although...
Someone approaches...
It's been awhile, Klaus... hasn't it?
And you are?
Give me a minute and I'll explain everything...
KLAUS: Interesting.
So you were Masquerade all along...
ALICE: I'm sorry for getting you involved
in my crazy world.
It wasn't fair to you.
And...
it's much too late for an apology, isn't it?
When you...
or should I say Masquerade defeated me,
I was ready to give up.
You took my Sirenoid.
And I realized without it,
I never wanted to play Bakugan ever again...
But then my precious Sirenoid returned
from the Doom Dimension.
It was a miracle!
My life has become simple...
Now I all I yearn for
is surrounding myself with tranquility.
It's starting...
What Sirenoid?
Our worlds...
They are beginning to vibrate!
Are you sure?
TV: A mysterious giant hole was discovered
early this morning in the Pacific Ocean...
With each passing minute, it appears to grow larger
in diameter and so far, there has been no official
explanation from the scientific community!
Is that...?
It is the portal to Vestroia...
That would mean...
That our World and Vestroia are connecting!
And soon, if they aren't stopped,
they will unite as one!
Our greatest fear!
[Alice screaming]
A-Alice?
No, it's all my fault!
It's all my fault!
It's because of all of the horrible things I did!
That Masquerade did!
Everything that's happening to the world right now
is all because of what I did to everyone!
I stole their Bakugan and now everyone has to suffer!
I want nothing to do with Bakugan ever again!
Alice! You can't be serious?
What do you mean, Klaus?
I think you're just...
over-reacting...
And to prove it...
I challenge you to a battle!
Huh? Serious?
As you can see, this is my extensive Bakugan collection.
After you defeated me, I began collecting in hopes
of one day getting my revenge against you...
That day has come and then you can retire
after our little battle.
But, I can't, I-I won't!
I hope you don't mind that I've taken the liberty
of choosing your Bakugan.
Sub Terra.
Ventus...
Darkus...
But they all have different Attributes?
My pets.
Aren't they the most extraordinary treasures?
But Klaus...
I told you I won't battle...
You will!
After what you did to me and others, Masquerade...
you don't have the right to refuse me!
[laughter]
-Field... -Open!
Gate Card Set...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Haos El Condor Stand!
Okay, now it's your turn...
I hope you haven't forgotten how to play?
Bakugan... Brawl!
Sub Terra Mantris Stand!
See, that wasn't so hard, now was it?
Now it's my turn!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Pyrus Seige Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle detected.
So... which one now?
Gate Card... Open!
Peace Maker!
Interesting move...
Your Gate Card Peace Maker move
sent my Bakugan back to me.
So what?
Does this mean your surrendering already?
Hmmmm?
Well, what's your story?
I...
I don't want to do this...
no...
[screams]
Well, well, well...
I guess...
I'll have to teach you how to battle again...
And this time...
you're going to lose, Masquerade!
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers after these messages!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
Gate Card Open...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Ventus Bee Striker Stand!
Pyrus Seige Stand!
BAKUPOD: Pyrus Seige ahead by 30 G's.
I thought Klaus' strength was his Aquos Attributes...
But for some reason he's just using Haos and Pyrus!
I can't figure it out...
Oh my gosh!
Gate Card Open!
Gate Card Close!
When a player calls out Gate Card Close,
all Bakugan leave the battlefield
and the battle immediately ceases.
But why is she stalling?
Humans are so confusing...
Either you're in or out, Alice,
what's it going to be?
Well then?
There's no where to hide, now either you battle
or you forfeit! Understand?
Then count me in!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Sub Terra Mantris Stand!
Pyrus Seige Stand!
BAKUPOD: New Battle detected.
Ability Activate!
Correlation between Pyrus and Sub Terra!
BAKUPOD: Power increase of 100 G's.
Where did you get so much power from?
Hey... if you were good,
you'd realize you just need the right combination!
Gate Card...
Open!
Androstasis!
Not again?
Instead of using cheap moves like your Androstasis,
why don't you just throw in the towel?
She is starting to drive me around the bend!
Time to teach her a lesson!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Ventus Bee Striker Stand!
Please Klaus, put me in!
I want this battle!
No Sirenoid... not yet!
I beg of you!
I will get your revenge.
You must have faith in me!
Oh, alright...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Sirenoid Stand!
Aquos Sirenoid!
Okay, now he's finally thrown down his Aquos card...
The battle begins...
Gate Card Open!
It is time to repay my master
for what you did to him, Masquerade!
Prepare to fight!
Is this all about revenge?
Ability Activate!
Reverse Blow!
Why you little brat!
You coward!
ALICE: Maybe she's right.
Maybe I am a coward...
No...
I never want to be Masquerade again!
I've had enough!
Are you going to battle or not, Alice?
Bakugan... Brawl!
Sub Terra Mantris Stand!
Pyrus Siege Stand!
Let's kick it up a notch!
Card Card Open!
Quartet Battle!
Bee Striker, no!
BAKUPOD: Pyrus Siege maintains a 10 G lead over Bee Striker.
Finally!
Just don't chicken out again, alright?
This is weird!
The battlefield is shaking!
Bee Striker!
Mantris!
At last, a battle!
And I win!
But alas...
Your Bakugan never put up a fight, did they?
But then again, it wouldn't matter.
I suppose fate is finally catching up with you!
That's not true!
Darkus Centipoid!
A Darkus attributed Bakugan!
Centipoid Stand!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Haos El Condor Stand!
Gate Card Open Now!
Triple Battle Activate!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Pyrus Siege Stand!
BAKUPOD: With Pyrus Siege in play,
total power stands at 660 G's.
Okay boys...
Show our guest how to play!
ALICE: That's it.
This battle is over.
Even if I was strong enough to defend myself,
I still wouldn't feel right if I won...
You better do something!
If you decide to quit,
then this battle is over and done with for good, Alice!
Now what?
What do I do?
What do I...
I just can't go back to being Masquerade!
I could never live with myself if that happened!
Alice...
I wish I had the answer...
I know if I changed into Masquerade
I could win this battle...
But I promised myself I would never do it!
Never again!
Ever!
Now what's going on?
I can think of only one explanation!
The earth is trembling because Vestroia
and your world are on the verge of coming together!
No way!
D-Dan!
Okay! Are you ready?
Yeah!
They're all headed to Vestroia to save the world!
And I should be there with them!
[screaming]
Waiitttt!
Everyone is trying to save the universe...
That's everyone except me...
How could I be so selfish?
And what was I thinking?
Why? Why?
Noooo!
Ability Activate!
Spiced Assault!
How did Centipoid survive that attack?
BAKUPOD: Recalculating Battle scores.
Advantage, Centipoid.
I wasn't really counting on her Spiced Assault Ability...
but to be honest, I wasn't expecting her
to even battle me this time around...
Darkus lets her take on two Bakugan...
Something Masquerade would do...
But not...
something I'd expect from just a Brawler!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Centipoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle detected.
Sirenoid leads by 200 G's.
Silly child!
You think you can defeat me in the Aquos Realm?
You watch! I will!
Ability Activate!
Grand Down!
That move nullifies your Gate Card, Klaus
and puts us at even strength!
I'm not done...
Ability Activate...
Forcing Wave!
SIRENOID: Your battling skills are obviously inferior to ours...
So I suggest you leave while you still can...
BAKUPOD: Sirenoid Power increase of 100 G's.
But this wasn't supposed to happen...
Centipoid, no!
That was some battle...
There were times I thought for sure I was never going
to recover and lose.
You know...
I tried my best...
And even though I wasn't going to brawl against you...
why am I still disappointed that I lost?
Because you're a true Bakugan Battle Brawler, Alice!
Are you being serious?
Hey, I couldn't be more serious...
And think about it,
you didn't even bring your own Bakugan
yet you put up some fight back there.
I guess so...
And think about what this game means.
It's like my Bakugan.
Water, Wind, Fire, Earth, Light and Darkness.
All six attributes create one thing...
perfect harmony.
The way the world should be.
It all makes sense...
When you stand back and look at it...
Everyone and everything has a purpose, Alice...
I think I understand, Klaus...
Now, I'm sure there's somebody out there
that's pretty worried about you.
I'm a little curious.
Was this battle all about teaching me a lesson?
That's it!
Bakugan represent everything about us here on earth!
But why was he using both Fire and Light Attributes
in our battle?
It is time to repay my master
for what you did to him, Masquerade!
Thank you...
And good-bye, Klaus...
So pretty...
Yes...
The world is a beautiful place
if you just look for it, Alice...
And it's everyone's responsibility
to protect it.
You're right...
We all have to do our part, don't we?
And it's about time I start doing what I can to save it.
After all, I am a Battle Brawler!
Hey, this is Marucho and coming up on the next episode
of Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
we cross-over into Vestroia and I must say,
we get a big surprise!
The entire dimension had changed,
and not for the better!
Vestroia's Attributed Dimensions had blended
together with other Attributes
creating a whole new breed of Bakugan...
of the freaky variety!
Do something!
Or we're toast!
That's all on the next exciting
Bakugan Battle Brawlers!